no soap you guys Axanar friends on 10
here back again for a new pickup let's
get right into it all right I mean this
is my review pick up as you can see it
is a Kobe of the seven box this is my
first ever cool be same as well so let's
get into the box with the little Kobe
love it got a gray dark gray and black
and I don't think it's Lee but it does
have a little snake the little snake
print that has them on the shoes kobe 7
graceless nothing on these sides not
among the little towns everything by the
pages and I hear magazine chill beasts
and system treasure blue white and black
says that in half guys probably know
what these are ready I was about to wear
them and then I was like wait I got
doing you on him first so yeah I'm
almost out of bed guys no guys are
reading what these are there wasn't
probable on much reviews why does that I
do you want them so here you go there
the Dukes colorway of the Kobe sevens
very dope colorway on the show very
simple and they pop really nice so
starting with the outsole you got the
black fun half of the shoe coming into
treasure blue got your covering photo
right there in the middle carbon fiber
right there as well got a white kobe
logo a bit of white right there as well
goes throughout the midsole
the midsole you have white coming into
black triangles cut the Kobe code right
there got a black swoosh with kb24 right
there weirdo my minsul on the heel cup
you have a white heel and plastic part
heel cup little blue Toby signature
black leather and then you have little
blue showing right there that's for your
play fast insert throughout the whole
body of the shoe you have that nice
smooth feel with that um with that same
snake pair right there snake print you
can see the bed there it's not that
clean though but yeah go white flat wire
as well as your white smoosh on both
sides and the fly where as well then I
was in also the snake the tongue is
treasure blue like treasure blue play
fast insert with black laces these are
like very smooth Power laces and the top
of the tongue is black black leather
with a white kobe logo all inside I mean
the laces are black and you have
treasured blue tips lace tips and all
inside you have turning into the light
here you have an all treasure blue
comfortable mesh there with your play
fast play fast little logo there and the
insert is inside already
show the other pair for you these retail
for one hundred and forty dollars but
day but there were they were healthy and
they were telling them in nike store
calm for a very low price eighty three
dollars you can't beat that but it's
already sold out but you can probably
find these in a different website or so
my yoke up your dope very dope shoe all
very nice can't wait to put these on
today so yeah and there you go guys
that's probably good thanks for watching
guys this is a nerf intent in here i'll
be back with some more pickles and
everything but this is all I got sorry
for all the weight up and everything but
yeah the rate comment and subscribe and
thank you for watching